oh yeah own I'm advances our mood to
begin of the silo me horribly I'm when
I'm better than I Hawking I'm pull out
some for ya allow me to take y'all on
the trip through memory lane Seattle
music showcase diverse brains sir
mix-a-lot even kiss sensation the
worries about political affiliation
listen to hip-hop to have a good time
never thought about hours dealing with
war crimes say we progressed or safety
held opinions our opinions so don't take
your personnel can't stand my words
claiming I'm a hypocrite but Inc Brandon
is on some 15 ish now we call the visas
account with sensitive thugz not
cleaning out your dirt or brutality cuz
but i need some witty personal grimy-ass
songs your Walker NOLA over dump related
to ron's some have a passion yeah get
that do but if you can't beat the first
thing your music ain't cool don't follow
trends unless you know the mission some
of them are real others from you gone
fishing you can say I'm hating never
lying in the booth sollu take hip-hop
it's the honest truth no apologies
you're on the sick of this crap upload
your mp3 pop them in your backpack join
the protest in your local cold exact
bring the politicians and the Pentagon
attack solid food it pains me to have to
tell you this but to me you become a
hypocrite I look cuz it seems like the
right thing to do sigh look I need to
step away yes I'm leaving you
it pains me to have to tell you this but
to me you become a hypocrite because it
seems like the right thing to do I look
I need to step away yes I'm leaving you
now we got people make it moves in the
game altering appearances for money and
the fame record with anyone if it's a
well-known name to shoot a video with
hot boy and champagne do some gangstas
she below you no good white boys rocking
dress fitting I've been so good
unfamiliar culture way it needs to be
they record an album talking if she get
cocky y'all knocking me from saying how
it really is slandering my name say
you're better than the Wiz truth is how
you progressed with false guidance
competing those riders but you claim
this you enlighten us come on fam you
know that I'm right investigate like 40
a in the heat of the night altering
appearances and wordplay you sport be
stored propaganda smuts fiction Ivan
towards your reports I'm no different in
this blood sport guilty even Tom Cruise
minority report please be yourself or at
least be creative I stay relentless on
this topic so unabated I love hip-hop
but I hate how you rape it I want to
drop the Penan go get sedated peace to
the pioneers the top just created but
I'm leaving hip hop by Harshman fake hey
stop it pains me to have to tell you
this hallowed but to me you've become a
hypocrite cuz it seems like the right
thing to do I need to step away yes I'm
leaving you stop it
have to tell you this i would but to me
you become a hypocrite i rude cuz it
seems like the right thing to do I look
I need to step away yes I'm leaving you